shibata added English to some eadme.md and translated vantiq-install-closed-network-aws.md and fluentd.md (#24)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-apps-development/1-day-workshop/docs/eng/a09-Lab06_Integrate_other_services.md

> -   VANTIQ allows to program in an original language called "**VAIL**", which is a combination of SQL and JavaScript.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   VANTIQ allows to code in an original language called "**VAIL**", which looks like a combination of SQL and JavaScript.    
```
